# Platform SIG meeting - 2021-06-10

Facilitator: Pratik Patel

Meeting Notes: AMZN-Liv
# Agenda
https://github.com/o3de/sig-platform/issues/1
## Introductions
*Presenters: Any/all*

* AMZN - ChrisBurel, Phil, mgywnn, pratik, scottR, SJ, bosnichd, Esteban, kinglawr, moudgils, spham, Liv, rgba16f, lumberyard-employee-dm, RoyalOBrien, Stephen Tramer
* Gavin Freyberg, RoddieKieley

## SIG Charter

*Presenter: Pratik Patel*

* The charter is posted [here](https://github.com/o3de/sig-platform/blob/main/governance/SIG%20Platform%20Charter.md)
* There is still a lot of placeholder content
    * In scope and and the major goals are the top priority to fill in 
    * Folks should be paying attention right now to where SIG-platform might deviate from other SIGs. We'll want to capture that in the charter.
    * There is some ambiguity around addressing workflows / scope related to restricted platforms 

**General questions**
* What are some of the specific things that contributors, maintainers should be owning as part of the governance documents? 
* Is there a place for SIG governance in general?
    * There will be - aiming to have it up this week 

* How is the SIG assisting someone who wants to wants to work on restricted platforms in the right way? 
    * This is primarily covered in the platform abstraction layer

**Actions**
* General call to action - add additional information to fill in placeholder for the SIG charter via pull requests, or fill in comments on the issue 

* Pratik to follow-up on: SIG-platform may want to add this as an explicit non-goal: restricted or proprietary platforms are not in-scope 

* Pratik to create an RFC for the charter

**Clarifications**
* What is the process for how people will get access to restricted platforms? 
    * There isn't a reference to restricted platforms in the SIGs 

## Meeting cadence
* Recommendation for monthly cadence, but may drop to quarterly; depends on how much is in the agenda and amount of time
* Another suggestion is for 2 meetings to account for a wider range of time zones; 
* 8-11 Pacific time is a sweet spot for scheduling if not doing two per month 

**Actions**
* Pratik to set up something in GitHub to get feedback about when meetings will work
    * Default will be to do monthly, sometime in the 8-11am Pacific time zone, subject to feedback 
    * Pratik will schedule meeting for next month in a week or so 
* General call to action - provide feedback on meeting cadence

## Ongoing discussions
* How do we plan to handle conversations that involve having knowledge of restricted platforms, since it won't be clear who has access? 
    * There may be a sub-SIG group for restricted platforms, but this gets into challenging territory
    * It's more likely that those types of conversations will have to happen privately, which gets tricky
        * Recommendations for architecture may have to come back to the SIG
        * Knowing who has the right level of access will be a challenge
        * We have infrastructure to set up different permission levels, just need to make sure that role management and process is clear

