# Platform SIG meeting - JAN-01-18

### Facilitator:
byrcolin[Amazon]

### Meeting Notes:
RoddieKieley [Red Hat]

## Agenda
https://github.com/o3de/sig-platform/issues/50

We will discuss
- Maintainer Promotion - burelc-amazn #45 burelc-amzn to be promoted from reviewer to maintainer status
- Outcomes from Discussion topics
- Action Items
- Open Discussion Items

## General discussion

### Maintainer Promotion
- byrcolin[Amazon] motioned for it to be passed; no dissents; byrcolin[Amazon] to follow-up

### Triage meeting
- initial discussion on rescheduling the triage for the end of this week
- later discussion on the actual number of issues to triage at the moment and the idea of doing triage during the scheduled meeting
- on cadence of scheduled meeting; given the amount of issues being raised either for development review or discussion bi-weekly for now was decided

### Understanding the O3DE community platform breakdown
- need to make a plan to gather information regarding our platform usage breakdown
- interesting results regarding the breakdown of linux distributions in use in the [VFX industry](https://drive.google.com/file/d/15b-4GMTSEE9tyqeQdBfy_LZnxQIdp38Y/view)
- would be good to have that kind of breakdown available but perhaps early for us to perform that kind of survey

### Clarifications
- Was some ambiguity around timezone and the use of PST versus PDT.

### Meeting cadence
- Decided for bi-weekly, with inclusion of issue triage, possibly on Friday's

### Actions
- byrcolin[Amazon] to update calendar for bi-weekly meeting
- byrcolin[Amazon] to follow-up with OBWANDO re: burelc-amzn maintainer status
